![alt tag](https://cloud.githubusercontent.com/assets/24201238/24583976/ced4c43e-179f-11e7-9c40-c0988c346f55.png)

_**Publish research for free, access research for free.**_

# Monthly community call meeting minutes

## 12/08/2017

## Attendees
* Rob
* Roo 
* Lisa
* Kade

## Minutes from last meeting
None, this is the first community meeting

## Items discussed
* Swarm and IPFS both have their pros and cons, there will be a discussion closer to Swarm's release (which there is no hard date on as yet) about shifting to Swarm or staying with IPFS.
* There are pros and cons around being on an Ethereum test net and the main net. Rob suggested side chains as a way of joining the main net at a lower cost.
* Rob ran through smart contracts he has been working on around incentivising peer review. At this point the smart contracts will mos likely be accepted as they have been proposed as we have had a number of people tell us incentivising peer review is something that seriously needs to be considered.
* Kade gave an update on the establishment of the foundation, we are still waiting on the lawyers

## Action Items
[ ] Kade and Roo to talk with Rob about side chains and work out a fixed cost that Kade will then sit down with Lisa with to budget
[ ] Rob to push code for smart contracts


